Update Readme (v25.2) (#9)
DevExpress-Examples/devextreme-dropdownbox-display-tags-in-input-field: README.md

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**NOTE:** If you do not need a complex UI in the drop-down window, but still want to display tags, try a standalone TagBox component. You can refer to the [Getting Started with TagBox](https://js.devexpress.com/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/TagBox/Getting_Started_with_TagBox/) article to find out if the TagBox is the right choice for you.
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the DropDownBox.[fieldTemplate](https://js.devexpress.com/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDropDownBox/Configuration/#fieldTemplate) option to configure custom content for the input field. Add a TagBox and bind it to the same [dataSource](https://js.devexpress.com/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTagBox/Configuration/#dataSource) used by the DropDownBox and TreeView. Specify the [valueExpr](https://js.devexpress.com/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTagBox/Configuration/#valueExpr) and [displayExpr](https://js.devexpress.com/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTagBox/Configuration/#displayExpr) properties. Set TagBox.[value](https://js.devexpress.com/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTagBox/Configuration/#value) to the **value** of the DropDownBox and implement the [onValueChanged](https://js.devexpress.com/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTagBox/Configuration/#onValueChanged) event handler to synchronize the TagBox with other components. Additional TagBox properties shown in the code below are optional.
```

[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/📖_How_to_use_DevExpress_Examples-e9f6fc?style=flat-square)](https://docs.devexpress.com/GeneralInformation/403183)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/💬_Leave_Feedback-feecdd?style=flat-square)](#does-this-example-address-your-development-requirementsobjectives)
<!-- default badges end -->

> # DropDownBox for DevExtreme - Display Tags in the Input Field

Reviewer: The phrase "DropDownBox for DevExtreme" sounds a little weird. It's like a DropDownBox is not developed by the DevExtreme team. Sounds like it's an external plugin or something. 

```suggestion
# DevExtreme DropDownBox - Display Tags in the Input Field
```

> **IMPORTANT:** The **DropDownBox**.[fieldTemplate](https://js.devexpress.com/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDropDownBox/Configuration/#fieldTemplate) property is deprecated starting with v25.2.

Reviewer: If I understand correctly, you cannot implement this type of UI anymore? We should either state that explicitly (this example is only for these specific versions). Or we should talk about what users should do instead (if they use a newer version). 

 
```suggestion
**IMPORTANT:** This example is valid for DevExtreme v25.1 and earlier. The **DropDownBox**.[fieldTemplate](https://js.devexpress.com/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDropDownBox/Configuration/#fieldTemplate) property was deprecated with the v25.2 release.
```

Author: While the property in question is deprecated, there is no direct replacement for this example's usage scenario. As such, I believe that saying this example is valid only for older versions of DevExtreme is a bit inaccurate. Moreover (and most importantly), our team has no plans to remove this property anytime soon, and is actively collecting customer feedback for a potential direct replacement. Consequently, I believe that for the time being, it is best to limit the scope of this note to informing customers that this usage scenario is going to result in a deprecation message in the console.

Reviewer: Got it. Sorry - I thought the property was gone completely in newer versions. 

How about this then? 

```suggestion
**IMPORTANT:** The **DropDownBox**.[fieldTemplate](https://js.devexpress.com/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDropDownBox/Configuration/#fieldTemplate) property was marked deprecated in v25.2. This example is still functional, but you will see a warning. If your application requires functionality similar to this example, please contact us via the DevExpress Support Center and describe your task. We'd be happy to review your feedback, take it into account when planning future versions, and suggest alternative implementations. 
```

> This example uses the [DevExtreme TagBox](https://js.devexpress.com/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/TagBox/Getting_Started_with_TagBox/) component to display tags in the DevExtreme DropDownBox's input field. The [DevExtreme TreeView](https://js.devexpress.com/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/TreeView/Getting_Started_with_TreeView/) component is used to create a hierarchical view in the drop-down field.

Reviewer: It's a bit too many nouns in a row with possessive. In these cases, I'd rather break down the phrase. 

```suggestion
This example uses the [DevExtreme TagBox](https://js.devexpress.com/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/TagBox/Getting_Started_with_TagBox/) component to display tags in the input field of a DevExtreme DropDownBox. The [DevExtreme TreeView](https://js.devexpress.com/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/TreeView/Getting_Started_with_TreeView/) component is used to create a hierarchical view in the drop-down window.
```
